the good at apnea diving has several
on the one hand, it serves meanwhile advantages
also as a backup that means
deep dives are also addressed
with the helm
that is when it becomes one
emergency situation comes and I have to
Bring somebody up then have it
the big advantage of these scooters
can bring me up and that
others are fun of course it's about
fun it's always and always have fun
However more ideas are
Finally, no apnea diving
do
it is always about fun and with one
scooter I just have the opportunity
to save oxygen again because of me
I must not move feel
nice hang it can enjoy rib
I can concentrate on myself
without overstraining with
Diving relax on the reef
and land ready to buy exactly what
installed
if I am a little faster now
would like to move then dive
For example, I helped paint that
means I can still support
a bit with the fins
work is the big advantage
of course that I am down completely
relaxed can run along the handle
the biggest advantage you have to
clearly tell where it is used
I clearly see the field of application
especially in places like this
there can be cozy on the reef
relieve
this has a big challenge now
great depth and so forth nothing to do
It's really for fun
history is the big advantage
simply weight pack size always the thing
after that looks and we had to go here
even against the waves
work then you take this particle
in the hand in with out and it is
simply everything has that uncomplicated
nothing with big and much and hard to
do
And that's exactly what we are
as a government want
The call is a cool device around
just having fun playing
It does not matter if that is the case
that's snowing or free diver or
probably also talked and
just for snorkellers and frieda but
is just the really big advantage the
do not have as much mass to move as
You can just relax along the reef
snorkeling
the reduction to the minimum we
can completely relax there is a pure
and take out this is phenomenal
Above all, one must not forget
It partly with 1700 euro also not
really expensive
the big advantage of the aqua top is that
you just buy places completely new
can discover
I do not need too much air I come
I can continue the reef
I'll come with safety
farther than when I'm using just one
breath or with a bottle normal
and without
I just have the advantage of places
I just know how can I
just rediscover with this case
but